# dlt_pipeline
This project is about setting up and running the dlt pipeline

## DLT Pipeline Run Project
Welcome to the DLT (Data Loading Toolkit) Pipeline Run Project! In this repository, you'll find code and resources related to running DLT pipelines. This README will guide you through setting up and using the project effectively.

### Table of Contents
*Introduction
*Getting Started
*Running DLT Pipelines
*Repository Contents
*Contributing


### Introduction
This project is to run DLT pipelines. DLT is a powerful tool for building data pipelines, and this repository contains code and resources mentioned in the DLT Pipeline Tutorial.

- To get started with this project, follow these steps:

1) **Clone this repository to your local machine:**

     git clone https://github.com/Sadanand999/dlt_pipeline.git

2) **Install Python 3.10 if you haven't already. You can download it from the official Python 
   website.**
      https://www.python.org/downloads/windows/
      [Visit website](https://www.python.org/downloads/windows/)

4) **Create a virtual environment (recommended)**:
          ```python -m venv venv```

    * Activate the virtual environment:
         ```venv\Scripts\activate```
5) **Install the required packages:**
    * ```! pip install -U dlt```
    * ```!pip install "dlt[duckdb]"```


### Running DLT Pipelines
You can find notebook for running dlt pipeline in the dlt_pipeline_run.ipynb Jupyter Notebook file in this repository. The notebook contains code examples 

Simply open the Jupyter Notebook and follow the instructions . You'll learn how to create, configure, and run DLT pipelines for your specific data integration needs.

### Repository Contents
dlt_pipeline_run.ipynb: This Jupyter Notebook file contains the DLT Pipeline Tutorial. It provides code examples and explanations for running DLT pipelines.

dlt_ipykernel_launcher.duckdb: This is the DuckDB file generated by DLT pipeline. It contain data loaded using DLT.

### Contributing
Feel free to contribute to this project by creating pull requests or opening issues if you encounter problems or have suggestions for improvements.
